I want to. Of course I want to.
Is that so?
Now, there's a new technology out there.
Can heal blind patients
But
That surgery carries a lot of risk.
If the surgery fails
You will lose any follow-up treatment
In other words
You will be blind for the rest of your life
Even if there are more mature technologies in the future
You don't have a chance to use it either
What are the chances of success?
If I do it myself
probably
Only 30%?
So I never dared to tell you
I don't agree with this surgery.
Too risky
I can't let Mengmeng take risks
We should wait for technologies that have a higher success rate
Even 10 years
20 years, our Su family can afford to wait
From a safety perspective
It is definitely better to wait for mature technology.
But that would miss a lot
Someone else's mother
You can see your baby from birth
They can watch their children grow
Help them with their homework
Accompany them to the amusement park
But I can't do any of this.
I still want to have my own figure
I still want to see the beauty of the world
But you are too long
Missing the day and night